README.md, before:

## Service and User Management

To manage the services and users, the website employs a Content Management System (CMS). It is located in the folder `/cms`.

### Users

There are two levels of users: admin and member.

The admin user has total control over all services and all member users. The admin username is `cmsadmin` and the default password is `1234`, and the password can (and should) be changed to something else. The member user has total control over an existing service that is tied to that member account.

To creating a member user so an organization can modify their own service information, follow these steps:

1. The organization contact requests from the admin a user account for a service.
1. If the service does not yet exist, the admin chooses `Add a Service` and fills out any information on the service.
1. The admin then chooses `Create/Reset User` and selects the service.
1. The admin gives the organization contact the username and password.
1. The organization contact can then login via the CMS and modify their service information and change their password.

If the organization contact requests a new password from the admin because they lost their password or their user account was compromised, they can follow steps above. They will not lose any existing information in their service.

If the admin user loses their password, the only way to reset the password is to uncomment the line
```
// add_user("cmsadmin", "1234");
```

in the `/cms/index.php` file, and then login once into the CMS using the default password. Make sure to recomment the line after the initial login.

Commit message:

15, made cmsadmin reset better and less error prone and fixed missing cms/ps.txt error to make an initial install more robust

README.md, after:

## Service and User Management

To manage the services and users, the website employs a Content Management System (CMS). It is located in the folder `/cms`.

### Users

There are two levels of users: admin and member.

The admin user has total control over all services and all member users. The admin username is `cmsadmin` and the default password is `1234`, and the password can (and should) be changed to something else. The member user has total control over an existing service that is tied to that member account.

To creating a member user so an organization can modify their own service information, follow these steps:

1. The organization contact requests from the admin a user account for a service.
1. If the service does not yet exist, the admin chooses `Add a Service` and fills out any information on the service.
1. The admin then chooses `Create/Reset User` and selects the service.
1. The admin gives the organization contact the username and password.
1. The organization contact can then login via the CMS and modify their service information and change their password.

If the organization contact requests a new password from the admin because they lost their password or their user account was compromised, they can follow steps above. They will not lose any existing information in their service.

If the admin user loses their password, the only way to reset the password is go into `/cms/ps.txt` and delete the line that begins with `cmsadmin`. On the next login, the password will be reset to the default password.
